Lesson 3
어법 드릴 문제              1학년   반   번   이름    

A. be동사와 일반동사의 과거형


괄호 안에 주어진 동사의 과거형을 써서 문장을 완성하시오. (부정형은 축약형을 쓸 것)

1. Ian ____________ shopping and bought some clothes. (go)

2. They _______________ tennis for three hours, so they were too tired. (play)

3. I _______________ the bus this morning. I was late for school. (miss)

4. He _____________ hard. He got excellent grades. (study)

5. Hyeri _____________ watching the movie. It was boring. (enjoy)

6. We ______________ tigers, giraffes, and gorillas at the zoo. We had fun. (see)

7. She _____________ in England last year, but she is in Korea now. (be)

8. Taylor Swift is popular. There ____________ many people in her concert. (be) 

9. This supermarket ______________ open. We went to another one. (be)

10. Minji didn't answer the phone. Jaeho ______________ a message. (leave)

Lesson 3
어법 드릴 문제              1학년   반   번   이름    

B. 시간을 나타내는 접속사 when

when을 이용하여 두 문장을 연결하시오. 

1. Paul came home. his sister was watching television. 
→ ______________________________________, his sister was watching television.
2. Abigail was 23. She travelled to Europe. 
→ _______________________________________, she travelled to Europe.
3. It was raining. I didn't have an umbrella. 
→ ___________________________________, I didn't have an umbrella.
4. They were eating food at the restaurant. A famous actor came in.
→ ___________________________________________________, a famous actor came in.
5. I draw pictures. I have free time.
→ I draw pictures ________________________________________.
6. I wanted to become an artist. I was young.
→ I wanted to become an artist ____________________________________________.
7. He was happy. He heard the good news.
→ He was happy _________________________________________.


정답

Point A
1. went 2. played 3. missed 4. studied 5. didn't enjoy 6. saw 7. was 8. were 9. wasn't 10. left


Point B
1. When Paul came home 2. When Abigail was 23 3. When it was raining 4. When they were eating food at the restaurant 5. when I have free time 6. when I was young 7. when he heard the good news

